Playground <https://console.groq.com/playground>

Documentation <https://console.groq.com/docs>

API Keys <https://console.groq.com/keys>

Settings <https://console.groq.com/settings>

discord logoDiscord <https://discord.gg/n8KtCjfAug>

Feedback

Carlos ZPersonal

0.0.2

Playground <https://console.groq.com/playground>

Documentation <https://console.groq.com/docs>

API Keys <https://console.groq.com/keys>

Settings <https://console.groq.com/settings>

discord logoDiscord <https://discord.gg/n8KtCjfAug>

Feedback

Carlos ZPersonal


    Playground

View code

Model

mixtral-8x7b-32768

temperature

max tokens


      Advanced

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation **OS X & Linux:** 1. To download and install
SICStus Prolog (it is needed), follow the instructions at https://
sicstus.sics.se/download4.html. 2. Then, you can download DALI and test
it by running an example DALI MAS: ```sh git clone https://github.com/
AAAI-DISIM-UnivAQ/DALI.git cd DALI/Examples/advanced bash startmas.sh
``` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You will see different windows opening: *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Prolog LINDA server (active_server_wi.pl) *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Prolog FIPA client (active_user_wi.pl) *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1 instance of DALI metaintepreter for each
agent (active_dali_wi.pl) **Windows:** 1. To download and install
SICStus Prolog (it is needed), follow the instructions at https://
sicstus.sics.se/download4.html. 2. Then, you can download DALI from
https://github.com/AAAI-DISIM-UnivAQ/DALI.git. 3. Unzip the repository,
go to the folder 'DALI/Examples/basic', and test if DALI works by duble
clicking 'startmas.bat' file (this will launch an example DALI MAS). \
\n\\n &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You will see different windows opening: *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Prolog LINDA server (active_server_wi.pl) *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Prolog FIPA client (active_user_wi.pl) *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1 instance of DALI metaintepreter for each
agent (active_dali_wi.pl)\"\n\n\n

assistant

Binary (OS X & Linux): 1. Follow the instructions at <https://
sicstus.sics.se/download4.html> to download and install SICStus Prolog.
2. Download DALI by running the command: `git clone <https://github.com/
AAAI-DISIM-UnivAQ/DALI.git>` 3. Change the directory to: `cd DALI/
Examples/advanced` 4. Run the example DALI MAS by executing the command:
`bash startmas.sh` Binary (Windows): 1. Follow the instructions at
<https://sicstus.sics.se/download4.html> to download and install SICStus
Prolog. 2. Download DALI from <https://github.com/AAAI-DISIM-UnivAQ/
DALI.git>. 3. Unzip the repository, go to the folder 'DALI/Examples/
basic', and test if DALI works by double clicking the 'startmas.bat'
file. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not provided. Source:
Not provided. If not present, you can follow the Binary (OS X & Linux)
or Binary (Windows) instructions.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation \n Please refer to the `setup.py` file for
installation instructions."""

assistant

For this README, there are no explicit installation instructions
provided. However, based on the information given, we can assume the
following steps for the Package Manager installation method: Package
Manager (generic): 1. Install the required package using the setup.py
file by running the command: `python setup.py install` For other
installation methods, no information is provided. Binary: Not provided.
Container: Not provided. Source: Not provided. If not present, you can
follow the Package Manager instructions. In this case, the Package
Manager instructions are assumed based on the provided `setup.py` file.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Getting Started Step 1: Download the dataset folder from
onedrive by [data.zip](https://portland-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/
personal/liuhui3-c_my_cityu_edu_hk/EfApQlFP3PhFjUW4527STo0BALMdP16zs-
HPMNgwQVFWsA?e=zoHlW2). Unzip this folder into the project directory.
You can find four orginal datasets, pre-processed datasets (i.e.,
val.jsonl, test.jsonl, train.jsonl in each dataset folder) and the files
incuding questions and answers Step 2: Place you OpenAI key into the
file named api_key.txt. ``` openai.api_key = ``"""

assistant

Based on the provided README, there are no explicit installation
instructions provided for Binary, Container, or Package Manager methods.
However, I will provide the Source installation method. Source: 1.
Download the dataset folder from <https://portland-
my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/liuhui3-c_my_cityu_edu_hk/
EfApQlFP3PhFjUW4527STo0BALMdP16zs-HPMNgwQVFWsA?e=zoHlW2> and unzip it
into the project directory. 2. Place your OpenAI key into the file named
`api_key.txt`. Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package
Manager: Not provided.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation Clone this repository and its submodules. We use
docker to install dependencies The recommended way to build the docker
image is ```bash docker build -t steam_icp \n --build-arg USERID=$(id -
u) \n --build-arg GROUPID=$(id -g) \n --build-arg USERNAME=$(whoami) \n
--build-arg HOMEDIR=${HOME} . ``` When starting a container, remember to
mount the code, dataset, and output directories to proper locations in
the container. An example command to start a docker container with the
image is ```bash docker run -it --name steam_icp \n --privileged \n --
network=host \n -e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY \n -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix
\n -v ${HOME}:${HOME}:rw \n steam_icp ``` (Inside Container) Go to the
root directory of this repository and build STEAM-ICP ```bash bash
build.sh ```"""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: 1. Build the docker image using the
command: ```bash docker build -t steam_icp \ --build-arg USERID=$(id -u)
\ --build-arg GROUPID=$(id -g) \ --build-arg USERNAME=$(whoami) \ --
build-arg HOMEDIR=${HOME} . ``` 2. Start a container with the image
using the command: ```bash docker run -it --name steam_icp \ --
privileged \ --network=host \ -e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY \ -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/
tmp/.X11-unix \ -v ${HOME}:${HOME}:rw \ steam_icp ``` Package Manager:
Not provided. Source: 1. Clone the repository and its submodules using
the command: `git clone <repository_url>` 2. Inside the container, go to
the root directory of the repository and build STEAM-ICP using the
command: `bash build.sh` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary:
["No steps provided"] - Container: ["Step 1:", "docker build -t
steam\_icp ...", "Step 2:", "docker run -it --name steam\_icp ..."] -
Source: ["Step 1:", "git clone <repository\_url>", "Step 2:", "bash
build.sh"] - Package Manager: Not provided.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ # Installation - Make sure you have Python, Pip and R installed. -
Checkout this repository - Install the python dependencies with ``` pip3
install -r requirements.txt ``` - Install the `pygirgs` package at
https://github.com/PFischbeck/pygirgs - Install the R dependencies (used
for plots) with ``` R -e 'install.packages(c(ggplot2, reshape2, plyr,
dplyr, scales), repos=https://cloud.r-project.org/)' ``` - Download the
file `konect-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.
10629451) and extract its contents into the folder `input_data/konect` -
Optional: Download the file `output-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://
doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10629451) and extract its contents into the
folder `output_data`. This way, you can access all experiment results
without running them yourself."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Make sure you have Python, Pip, and R installed. 2.
Checkout this repository. 3. Install the python dependencies with `pip3
install -r requirements.txt`. 4. Install the `pygirgs` package at
<https://github.com/PFischbeck/pygirgs>. 5. Install the R dependencies
(used for plots) with `R -e 'install.packages(c(ggplot2, reshape2, plyr,
dplyr, scales), repos=https://cloud.r-project.org/)'`. 6. Download the
file `konect-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.
10629451) and extract its contents into the folder `input_data/konect`.
7. Optional: Download the file `output-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://
doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10629451) and extract its contents into the
folder `output_data`. Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No
steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Make
sure you have Python, Pip and R installed.", "Checkout this repository",
"Install the python dependencies with `pip3 install -r
requirements.txt`", "Install the `pygirgs` package at <https://
github.com/PFischbeck/pygirgs>", "Install the R dependencies (used for
plots) with `R -e 'install.packages(c(ggplot2, reshape2, plyr, dplyr,
scales), repos=https://cloud.r-project.org/)'`", "Download the file
`konect-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10629451)
and extract its contents into the folder `input_data/konect`",
"Optional: Download the file `output-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://
doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10629451) and extract its contents into the
folder `output_data`"] - Package Manager: Not provided.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation ### Dependencies Initialize git submodules with ```
git submodule init git submodule update ``` ### Python environment
Install the specific versions of every package from `requirements.txt`
in a new conda environment: ``` conda create --name gsft python=3.9
conda activate gsft pip install -r requirements.txt ``` To ensure that
Python paths are properly defined, update the `~/.bashrc` by adding the
following lines ``` export GSFT_PATH=/path_to_gsfc export
PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:/$GSFT_PATH ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Initialize git submodules with `git submodule init` 2. Initialize and
update git submodules with `git submodule update` 3. Create a new conda
environment with `conda create --name gsft python=3.9` 4. Activate the
conda environment with `conda activate gsft` 5. Install the specific
versions of every package from `requirements.txt` with `pip install -r
requirements.txt` Source: 1. Initialize git submodules with `git
submodule init` 2. Initialize and update git submodules with `git
submodule update` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No
steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["Initialize git submodules with `git submodule init`", "Initialize and
update git submodules with `git submodule update`", "Create a new conda
environment with `conda create --name gsft python=3.9`", "Activate the
conda environment with `conda activate gsft`", "Install the specific
versions of every package from `requirements.txt` with `pip install -r
requirements.txt`"] - Source: ["Initialize git submodules with `git
submodule init`", "Initialize and update git submodules with `git
submodule update`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ### Installation The project can be installed by running the
following command in your terminal: ```bash pip install -r
requirements.txt ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Run the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["No steps
provided"] - Source: ["Run the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation ### Step1: Download VIGA Download VIGA with Git
from GitHub ``` git clone https://github.com/viralInformatics/VIGA.git
``` or Download ZIP to local ### Step 2: Download Database ``` 1.
download taxdmp.zip [Index of /pub/taxonomy (nih.gov)](https://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/) and unzip taxdmp.zip and put it
in ./db/ 2. download prot.accession2taxid file from https://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/accession2taxid/ 3. download
RefSeqVirusProtein file from wget -c ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/refseq/
release/viral/viral.1.protein.faa.gz gzip -d viral.1.protein.faa.gz mv
viral.1.protein.faa RefSeqVirusProtein 4. download nr file from wget -c
ftp://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz or ascp -T -i
asperaweb_id_dsa.openssh --host=ftp.ncbi.nih.gov --user=anonftp --
mode=recv /blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz ./ gzip -d nr.gz 5. Use Diamond
v2.0.11.149 to create two separate databases as the indexing libraries
in the current version are incompatible with each other. 6. In order to
set up a reference database for DIAMOND, the makedb command needs to be
executed with the following command line: diamond makedb --in YourPath/
RefSeqVirusProtein -d Diamond_RefSeqVirusProtein --taxonmap YourPath/
prot.accession2taxid --taxonnodes YourPath/nodes.dmp diamond makedb --in
nr -d Dimond_nr --taxonmap YourPath/prot.accession2taxid --taxonnodes
YourPath/nodes.dmp ``` ### Step 3: Installation of dependent software
#### Installing Some Software Using Conda ``` conda install fastp=0.12.4
trinity=2.8.5 diamond=2.0.11.149 ragtag=2.1.0 quast=5.0.2 ``` ####
Manual Installation of MetaCompass https://github.com/marbl/MetaCompass
### Step 4: Python Dependencies Base on python 3.6.8 ``` pip install
pandas=1.1.5 numpy=1.19.5 matplotlib=3.3.4 biopython=1.79 ```"""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Install the required packages using Conda with the command: ```bash
conda install fastp=0.12.4 trinity=2.8.5 diamond=2.0.11.149 ragtag=2.1.0
quast=5.0.2 ``` 2. Install Python dependencies using pip with the
command: ```bash pip install pandas=1.1.5 numpy=1.19.5 matplotlib=3.3.4
biopython=1.79 ``` Source: 1. Download VIGA with Git from GitHub using
the command: `git clone https://github.com/viralInformatics/VIGA.git` 2.
Download the database: a. Download `taxdmp.zip` from [Index of /pub/
taxonomy (nih.gov)](https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/) and
unzip it. b. Download `prot.accession2taxid` from <https://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/accession2taxid/>. c. Download
`RefSeqVirusProtein` from `wget -c ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/refseq/release/
viral/viral.1.protein.faa.gz`. d. Download `nr` from `wget -c ftp://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz` or `ascp -T -i
asperaweb_id_dsa.openssh --host=ftp.ncbi.nih.gov --user=anonftp --
mode=recv /blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz ./`. e. Use Diamond v2.0.11.149 to
create two separate databases. Exclude code commands in the list: -
Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] -
Package Manager: ["conda install fastp=0.12.4 trinity=2.8.5
diamond=2.0.11.149 ragtag=2.1.0 quast=5.0.2", "pip install pandas=1.1.5
numpy=1.19.5 matplotlib=3.3.4 biopython=1.79"] - Source: ["Download VIGA
with Git from GitHub using the command: `git clone https://github.com/
viralInformatics/VIGA.git`", "Download the database:\n a. Download
taxdmp.zip from [Index of /pub/taxonomy (nih.gov)](https://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/)\n b. Download prot.accession2taxid
from <https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/accession2taxid/>\n c.
Download RefSeqVirusProtein from `wget -c ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/refseq/
release/viral/viral.1.protein.faa.gz`\n d. Download nr from `wget -c
ftp://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz` or `ascp -T -i
asperaweb_id_dsa.openssh --host=ftp.ncbi.nih.gov --user=anonftp --
mode=recv /blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz ./`\n e. Use Diamond v2.0.11.149 to
create two separate databases."]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ NRN-EZ was built with PyInstaller 3.6, and requires the following
languages and libraries: • Python 3.6.9 and higher (currently up to
3.10) • PyQt 5.10.1 • PyQtGraph 0.11.0 Installation instructions for
Linux (Ubuntu and Pop!_OS): download the Linux zip file and, from the
command window, run a bash command for the install.sh file, in the
corresponding installation folder. Installation instructions for Mac OS:
download the Mac zip file and copy the NRN-EZ app to the Applications
folder. Installation instructions for Windows: download the Win zip file
and run the installation wizard."""

assistant

Binary: 1. Download the appropriate zip file for your operating system
(Linux, Mac, or Windows) from the provided link. 2. Follow the
instructions for your specific operating system: - Linux: From the
command window, run a bash command for the `install.sh` file in the
corresponding installation folder. - Mac: Copy the NRN-EZ app to the
Applications folder. - Windows: Run the installation wizard. Container:
Not provided. Package Manager: Not provided. Source: Not provided.
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["Download the appropriate
zip file for your operating system (Linux, Mac, or Windows) from the
provided link.", "Follow the instructions for your specific operating
system:", "Linux: From the command window, run a bash command for the
`install.sh` file in the corresponding installation folder.", "Mac: Copy
the NRN-EZ app to the Applications folder.", "Windows: Run the
installation wizard."] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package
Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Setup The following steps provide the necessary setup to run our
codes. 1. Create a Python virtual environment with Conda: ``` conda
create -n myenv python=3.10 conda activate myenv ``` 2. Install PyTorch
`v2.1.0` with compatible cuda version, following instructions from
[PyTorch Installation Page](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/).
For example with cuda 11: ``` pip install torch==2.1.0
torchvision==0.16.0 torchaudio==2.1.0 --index-url https://
download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118 ``` 3. Install the following Python
dependencies to run the codes. ``` python -m pip install . python -m pip
install flash-attn --no-build-isolation ``` 4. Login to your huggingface
account for downloading models ``` huggingface-cli login --token $
{your_access_token} ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a Python virtual environment with Conda: `conda create -n myenv
python=3.10` 2. Activate the virtual environment: `conda activate myenv`
3. Install PyTorch `v2.1.0` with compatible cuda version: `pip install
torch==2.1.0 torchvision==0.16.0 torchaudio==2.1.0 --index-url https://
download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118` 4. Install Python dependencies: `pip
install .` and `pip install flash-attn --no-build-isolation` Source: Not
provided. Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps
provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["Create a Python virtual environment with Conda: `conda create -n myenv
python=3.10`", "Activate the virtual environment: `conda activate
myenv`", "Install PyTorch `v2.1.0` with compatible cuda version,
following instructions from [PyTorch Installation Page](https://
pytorch.org/get-started/locally/). For example with cuda 11: `pip
install torch==2.1.0 torchvision==0.16.0 torchaudio==2.1.0 --index-url
https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118`", "Install Python dependencies:
`pip install .` and `pip install flash-attn --no-build-isolation`"] -
Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Requirements The code has been tested with Python 3.9.13. Please
first install the required packages by: ```bash pip install -r
requirements.txt ``` You also need an OpenAI API key to run GeneGPT with
Codex. Replace the placeholder with your key in `config.py`: ```bash $
cat config.py API_KEY = 'YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY' ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a virtual environment with Python 3.9.13. 2. Activate the virtual
environment. 3. Install the required packages by running: `pip install -
r requirements.txt` Source: 1. Clone the repository or download the
files. 2. Create a virtual environment with Python 3.9.13. 3. Activate
the virtual environment. 4. Install the required packages by running:
`pip install -r requirements.txt` 5. Obtain an OpenAI API key. 6.
Replace the placeholder in `config.py` with your OpenAI API key:
`API_KEY = 'YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY'` Exclude code commands in the list: -
Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] -
Package Manager: ["Create a virtual environment with Python 3.9.13.",
"Activate the virtual environment.", "Install the required packages by
running: `pip install -r requirements.txt`"] - Source: ["Clone the
repository or download the files.", "Create a virtual environment with
Python 3.9.13.", "Activate the virtual environment.", "Install the
required packages by running: `pip install -r requirements.txt`",
"Obtain an OpenAI API key.", "Replace the placeholder in `config.py`
with your OpenAI API key: `API_KEY = 'YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY'`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ### Docker installation (isolated) With the following instructions
you can also easily build the Docker image yourself. If you want to run
the code on bare metal jump [Native installation](#Native-installation).
First, install Docker on your machine. Then move to the original
directory `learning_to_fly` and build the Docker image: ``` docker build
-t arpllab/learning_to_fly . ``` If desired you can also build the
container for building the firmware: ``` docker build -t arpllab/
learning_to_fly_build_firmware -f Dockerfile_build_firmware . ``` After
that you can run it using e.g.: ``` docker run -it --rm -p 8000:8000
arpllab/learning_to_fly ``` This will open the port `8000` for the UI of
the training program and run it inside the container. Navigate to
[https://0.0.0.0:8000](https://0.0.0.0:8000) with your browser, and you
should see something like in the screenshot above (after starting the
training). The training UI configuration does not log data by default.
If you want to inspect the training data run: ``` docker run -it --rm -p
6006:6006 arpllab/learning_to_fly training_headless ``` Navigate to
[https://0.0.0.0:6006](https://0.0.0.0:6006) with your browser to
investigate the Tensorboard logs. If you would like to benchmark the
training speed you can use: ``` docker run -it --rm arpllab/
learning_to_fly training_benchmark ``` This is the fastest
configuration, without logging, UI, checkpointing etc. ### Native
installation Clone this repository: ``` git clone https://github.com/
arplaboratory/learning-to-fly learning_to_fly cd learning_to_fly ```
Then instantiate the `RLtools` submodule: ``` git submodule update --
init -- external/rl_tools cd external/rl_tools ``` Then instantiate some
dependencies of `RLtools` (for conveniences like checkpointing,
Tensorboard logging, testing, etc.): ``` git submodule update --init --
external/cli11 external/highfive external/json/ external/tensorboard
tests/lib/googletest/ ``` #### Install dependencies on Ubuntu ``` sudo
apt update && sudo apt install libhdf5-dev libopenblas-dev protobuf-
compiler libprotobuf-dev libboost-all-dev ``` As an alternative to
openblas you can also install [Intel MKL](https://www.intel.com/content/
www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/onemkl-download.html) which in our
experience is significantly faster than OpenBLAS. #### Install
dependencies on macOS ``` brew install hdf5 protobuf boost ``` Please
make sure that `brew` links the libraries correctly. If not you might
have to link e.g. `protobuf` manually using `brew link protobuf`. Going
back to the main directory (`learning_to_fly`), we can now configure the
build of the code: ``` cd ../../ mkdir build cd build ``` - Ubuntu +
OpenBLAS: `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -
DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_OPENBLAS:BOOL=ON` - Ubuntu + MKL: `cmake .. -
DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_MKL:BOOL=ON` - macOS
(tested on Sonoma): `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` Finally, we
can build the targets: ``` cmake --build . -j8 ``` After successfully
building the targets, we can run the code (in the original directory
`learning_to_fly`): ``` cd .. ./build/src/training_headless ``` While
this is running, you should be able to see training metrics using
Tensorboard If not already installed: ``` python3 -m pip install
tensorboard ``` Then from the original directory `learning_to_fly`: ```
tensorboard --logdir=logs ``` To run the training with the UI, we
download the JavaScript dependencies in the form of the two files
`three.module.js` and `OrbitControls.js`: ``` cd src/ui ./
get_dependencies.sh ``` After that we can execute the UI binary from the
root folder: ``` cd ../../ ./build/src/ui 0.0.0.0 8000 ``` Now you
should be able to navigate to [http://0.0.0.0:8000](http://0.0.0.0:8000)
in your browser and start the training. To run the benchmark (with UI,
checkpointing and Tensorboard logging turned off): ``` sudo nice -n
-20 ./build/src/training_benchmark ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: 1. Install Docker on your machine. 2.
Build the Docker image: `docker build -t arpllab/learning_to_fly .` 3.
Run the Docker container: `docker run -it --rm -p 8000:8000 arpllab/
learning_to_fly` 4. Navigate to [https://0.0.0.0:8000](https://
0.0.0.0:8000) with your browser. Package Manager: Not provided. Source:
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/arplaboratory/
learning-to-fly learning_to_fly` 2. Instantiate the `RLtools` submodule:
`git submodule update --init -- external/rl_tools` 3. Instantiate
dependencies of `RLtools`: `git submodule update --init -- external/
cli11 external/highfive external/json/ external/tensorboard tests/lib/
googletest/` 4. Install dependencies on Ubuntu: - `sudo apt update &&
sudo apt install libhdf5-dev libopenblas-dev protobuf-compiler
libprotobuf-dev libboost-all-dev` 5. Install dependencies on macOS: -
`brew install hdf5 protobuf boost` 6. Configure the build of the code: -
Ubuntu + OpenBLAS: `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -
DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_OPENBLAS:BOOL=ON` - Ubuntu + MKL: `cmake .. -
DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_MKL:BOOL=ON` -
macOS: `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` 7. Build the targets:
`cmake --build . -j8` 8. Run the code: `./build/src/training_headless`
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["Install Docker on your machine.", "Build the Docker image:
`docker build -t arpllab/learning_to_fly .`", "Run the Docker container:
`docker run -it --rm -p 8000:8000 arpllab/learning_to_fly`", "Navigate
to [https://0.0.0.0:8000](https://0.0.0.0:8000) with your browser."]] -
Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Clone the repository:
`git clone https://github.com/arplaboratory/learning-to-fly
learning_to_fly`", "Instantiate the `RLtools` submodule: `git submodule
update --init -- external/rl_tools`", "Instantiate dependencies of
`RLtools`: `git submodule update --init -- external/cli11 external/
highfive external/json/ external/tensorboard tests/lib/googletest/`",
"Install dependencies on Ubuntu: `sudo apt update && sudo apt install
libhdf5-dev libopenblas-dev protobuf-compiler libprotobuf-dev libboost-
all-dev`", "Install dependencies on macOS: `brew install hdf5 protobuf
boost`", "Configure the build of the code: `cmake .. -
DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_OPENBLAS:BOOL=ON`
(Ubuntu + OpenBLAS), `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -
DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_MKL:BOOL=ON` (Ubuntu + MKL), or `cmake .. -
DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` (macOS)", "Build the targets: `cmake --
build . -j8`", "Run the code: `./build/src/training_headless`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Setup This codebase is supported on Ubuntu and has not been
tested on Windows or macOS. We recommend using TPUs for training and
inference, although it is also possible to use GPUs. On TPU, the code is
highly optimized with Jax's Pallas and can achieve high MFUs with
RingAttention at very large context sizes. On GPU, the code is based on
XLA and is not as optimized as it is for TPU. Install the requirements
with: ``` conda create -n lwm python=3.10 pip install -U
`jax[cuda12_pip]==0.4.23` -f https://storage.googleapis.com/jax-
releases/jax_cuda_releases.html pip install -r requirements.txt ``` or
set up TPU VM with: ``` sh tpu_vm_setup.sh ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a new conda environment with Python 3.10. 2. Activate the new
conda environment. 3. Install Jax with CUDA 12 support: `pip install -U
`jax[cuda12_pip]==0.4.23` -f https://storage.googleapis.com/jax-
releases/jax_cuda_releases.html` 4. Install the required packages: `pip
install -r requirements.txt` Source: Not provided. Exclude code commands
in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps
provided"] - Package Manager: ["Create a new conda environment with
Python 3.10.", "Activate the new conda environment.", "Install Jax with
CUDA 12 support: `pip install -U `jax[cuda12_pip]==0.4.23` -f https://
storage.googleapis.com/jax-releases/jax_cuda_releases.html`", "Install
the required packages: `pip install -r requirements.txt`"] - Source:
["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## ✨ Getting Started ### 🛠️ Step 1: Installation UFO requires
**Python >= 3.10** running on **Windows OS >= 10**. It can be installed
by running the following command: ```bash # [optional to create conda
environment] # conda create -n ufo python=3.10 # conda activate ufo #
clone the repository git clone https://github.com/microsoft/UFO.git cd
UFO # install the requirements pip install -r requirements.txt ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a new conda environment with Python 3.10: `conda create -n ufo
python=3.10` 2. Activate the new conda environment: `conda activate ufo`
Source: 1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/
microsoft/UFO.git` 2. Change the directory: `cd UFO` 3. Install the
requirements: `pip install -r requirements.txt` Exclude code commands in
the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps
provided"] - Package Manager: ["Create a new conda environment with
Python 3.10: `conda create -n ufo python=3.10`", "Activate the new conda
environment: `conda activate ufo`"] - Source: ["Clone the repository:
`git clone https://github.com/microsoft/UFO.git`", "Change the
directory: `cd UFO`", "Install the requirements: `pip install -r
requirements.txt`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ### 1. Installation YOLO-World is developed based on
`torch==1.11.0` `mmyolo==0.6.0` and `mmdetection==3.0.0`. #### Clone
Project ```bash git clone --recursive https://github.com/AILab-CVC/YOLO-
World.git ``` #### Install ```bash pip install torch wheel -q pip
install -e . ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Clone the project: `git clone --recursive https://
github.com/AILab-CVC/YOLO-World.git` 2. Install: `pip install torch
wheel -q pip install -e .` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary:
["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package
Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Clone the project: `git clone
--recursive https://github.com/AILab-CVC/YOLO-World.git`", "Install:
`pip install torch wheel -q pip install -e .`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Install See the [TensorFlow install guide](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install) for the [pip package](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/pip), to [enable GPU support](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/gpu), use a [Docker container](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/docker), and [build from source](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/source). To install the current release,
which includes support for [CUDA-enabled GPU cards](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/gpu) *(Ubuntu and Windows)*: ``` $ pip
install tensorflow ``` Other devices (DirectX and MacOS-metal) are
supported using [Device plugins](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/
gpu_plugins#available_devices). A smaller CPU-only package is also
available: ``` $ pip install tensorflow-cpu ``` To update TensorFlow to
the latest version, add `--upgrade` flag to the above commands. *Nightly
binaries are available for testing using the [tf-nightly](https://
pypi.python.org/pypi/tf-nightly) and [tf-nightly-cpu](https://
pypi.python.org/pypi/tf-nightly-cpu) packages on PyPi.*"""

assistant

Binary: 1. Visit the TensorFlow install guide for the pip package at
<https://www.tensorflow.org/install/pip>. 2. Install TensorFlow using
`pip`: `pip install tensorflow`. 3. To update TensorFlow to the latest
version, add `--upgrade` flag to the above command. 4. Nightly binaries
are available for testing using the `tf-nightly` and `tf-nightly-cpu`
packages on PyPi. Container: 1. Visit the TensorFlow install guide for
Docker containers at <https://www.tensorflow.org/install/docker>. 2. Use
a Docker container: <https://www.tensorflow.org/install/docker>. Package
Manager: Not provided. Source: Not provided. Exclude code commands in
the list: - Binary: ["Visit the TensorFlow install guide for the pip
package at <https://www.tensorflow.org/install/pip>", "Install
TensorFlow using pip: `pip install tensorflow`", "To update TensorFlow
to the latest version, add `--upgrade` flag to the above command.",
"Nightly binaries are available for testing using the `tf-nightly` and
`tf-nightly-cpu` packages on PyPi."] - Container: ["Visit the TensorFlow
install guide for Docker containers at <https://www.tensorflow.org/
install/docker>", "Use a Docker container: <https://www.tensorflow.org/
install/docker>."] - Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source:
["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## ## Installation ### With pip This repository is tested on Python
3.8+, Flax 0.4.1+, PyTorch 1.11+, and TensorFlow 2.6+. You should
install 🤗 Transformers in a [virtual environment](https://
docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html). If you're unfamiliar with Python
virtual environments, check out the [user guide](https://
packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-
environments/). First, create a virtual environment with the version of
Python you're going to use and activate it. Then, you will need to
install at least one of Flax, PyTorch, or TensorFlow. Please refer to
[TensorFlow installation page](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/),
[PyTorch installation page](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
#start-locally) and/or [Flax](https://github.com/google/flax#quick-
install) and [Jax](https://github.com/google/jax#installation)
installation pages regarding the specific installation command for your
platform. When one of those backends has been installed, 🤗 Transformers
can be installed using pip as follows: ```bash pip install transformers
``` If you'd like to play with the examples or need the bleeding edge of
the code and can't wait for a new release, you must [install the library
from source](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/
installation#installing-from-source). ### With conda 🤗 Transformers can
be installed using conda as follows: ```shell script conda install
conda-forge::transformers ``` > **_NOTE:_** Installing `transformers`
from the `huggingface` channel is deprecated. Follow the installation
pages of Flax, PyTorch or TensorFlow to see how to install them with
conda. > **_NOTE:_** On Windows, you may be prompted to activate
Developer Mode in order to benefit from caching. If this is not an
option for you, please let us know in [this issue](https://github.com/
huggingface/huggingface_hub/issues/1062)."""

assistant

Binary: 1. Create a virtual environment with the desired version of
Python. 2. Activate the virtual environment. 3. Install one of Flax,
PyTorch, or TensorFlow using the specific installation command for your
platform. Refer to the TensorFlow installation page, PyTorch
installation page, Flax installation page, and/or Jax installation
pages. 4. Install Transformers using pip: `pip install transformers`
Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1. Install Transformers using
conda: `conda install conda-forge::transformers` Source: Not provided.
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["Create a virtual
environment with the desired version of Python.", "Activate the virtual
environment.", "Install one of Flax, PyTorch, or TensorFlow using the
specific installation command for your platform. Refer to the TensorFlow
installation page, PyTorch installation page, Flax installation page,
and/or Jax installation pages.", "Install Transformers using pip: `pip
install transformers`"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package
Manager: ["Install Transformers using conda: `conda install conda-
forge::transformers`"] - Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ # Installation ### Install from pip The key dependencies of DIG:
Dive into Graphs are PyTorch (>=1.10.0), PyTorch Geometric (>=2.0.0),
and RDKit. 1. Install [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/get-started/
locally/) (>=1.10.0) ```shell script $ python -c `import torch`;
print(torch.__version__)` >>> 1.10.0 ``` 2. Install [PyG](https://
pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes/installation.html#)
(>=2.0.0) ```shell script $ python -c `import torch_geometric;
print(torch_geometric.__version__)` >>> 2.0.0 ``` 3. Install DIG: Dive
into Graphs. ```shell script pip install dive-into-graphs ``` After
installation, you can check the version. You have successfully installed
DIG: Dive into Graphs if no error occurs. ``` shell script $ python >>>
from dig.version import __version__ >>> print(__version__) ``` ###
Install from source If you want to try the latest features that have not
been released yet, you can install dig from source. ```shell script git
clone https://github.com/divelab/DIG.git cd DIG pip install . ```"""

assistant

Binary: 1. Install PyTorch (>=1.10.0): Follow the instructions at
<https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/> 2. Install PyG (>=2.0.0):
Follow the instructions at <https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/
latest/notes/installation.html#> 3. Install DIG: Dive into Graphs: `pip
install dive-into-graphs` Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://
github.com/divelab/DIG.git` 2. Change the directory: `cd DIG` 3. Install
using pip: `pip install .` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary:
["Follow the instructions at <https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
>", "Follow the instructions at <https://pytorch-
geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes/installation.html#>", "pip
install dive-into-graphs"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package
Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["git clone https://github.com/
divelab/DIG.git", "cd DIG", "pip install ."]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Quick Install With pip: ```bash pip install langchain ``` With
conda: ```bash conda install langchain -c conda-forge ```."""

assistant

Binary: 1. Install using pip: `pip install langchain` Container: Not
provided. Package Manager: 1. Install using conda: `conda install
langchain -c conda-forge` Source: Not provided. Exclude code commands in
the list: - Binary: ["pip install langchain"] - Container: ["No steps
provided"] - Package Manager: ["conda install langchain -c conda-forge"]
- Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ### Installation 1. Copy the `CamGen_v2` folder into the Blender
[add-on folder](https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/latest/advanced/
blender_directory_layout.html#platform-dependent-paths) that is right
for your operating system, e.g. for Blender 4.0 under Linux ~/.config/
blender/4.0/scripts/addons/ 2. Open Blender and navigate to `Edit >
Preferences > Add-ons` 3. Find and activate `Generic:
Camera_Generator_v2` the list of available Add-ons. **You will need to
press *refresh* in the Add-ons panel if you do not see the
Camera_Generator option.** 4. [Optional] To enable experimental lens
analysis operations and plotting of the results, additional packages
have to be installed for Blender's bundled Python version.
'`$BLENDERPATH/$VERSION/python/bin/python3.10 -m pip install matplotlib
PyQt5."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Copy the `CamGen_v2` folder into the Blender add-on
folder for your operating system. 2. Open Blender and navigate to `Edit
> Preferences > Add-ons`. 3. Find and activate `Generic:
Camera_Generator_v2` in the list of available Add-ons. 4. [Optional] For
experimental lens analysis operations and plotting of the results,
install additional packages for Blender's bundled Python version: - Run
`$BLENDERPATH/$VERSION/python/bin/python3.10 -m pip install matplotlib
PyQt5`. Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps
provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["No
steps provided"] - Source: ["Copy the `CamGen_v2` folder into the
Blender add-on folder for your operating system.", "Open Blender and
navigate to `Edit > Preferences > Add-ons`", "Find and activate
`Generic: Camera_Generator_v2` in the list of available Add-ons.",
"[Optional] For experimental lens analysis operations and plotting of
the results, install additional packages for Blender's bundled Python
version:", "Run `$BLENDERPATH/$VERSION/python/bin/python3.10 -m pip
install matplotlib PyQt5`."]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Setup First, download and set up the repo: ```bash git clone
https://github.com/facebookresearch/DiT.git cd DiT ``` We provide an
[`environment.yml`](environment.yml) file that can be used to create a
Conda environment. If you only want to run pre-trained models locally on
CPU, you can remove the `cudatoolkit` and `pytorch-cuda` requirements
from the file. ```bash conda env create -f environment.yml conda
activate DiT ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a Conda environment using the provided `environment.yml` file:
`conda env create -f environment.yml` 2. Activate the Conda environment:
`conda activate DiT` Source: 1. Clone the repository: `git clone
https://github.com/facebookresearch/DiT.git` 2. Change the directory:
`cd DiT` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps
provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["Create a Conda environment using the provided `environment.yml` file:
`conda env create -f environment.yml`", "Activate the Conda environment:
`conda activate DiT`"] - Source: ["Clone the repository: `git clone
https://github.com/facebookresearch/DiT.git`", "Change the directory:
`cd DiT`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Installation TorchCP is developed with Python 3.9 and PyTorch
2.0.1. To install TorchCP, simply run ``` pip install torchcp ``` To
install from TestPyPI server, run ``` pip install --index-url https://
test.pypi.org/simple/ --no-deps torchcp ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Install using pip: `pip install torchcp` 2. Install from TestPyPI
server: `pip install --index-url https://test.pypi.org/simple/ --no-deps
torchcp` Source: Not provided. Exclude code commands in the list: -
Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] -
Package Manager: ["pip install torchcp", "pip install --index-url
https://test.pypi.org/simple/ --no-deps torchcp"] - Source: ["No steps
provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Installation 1. Clone the repository: ``` git clone https://
github.com/NUS-HPC-AI-Lab/Neural-Network-Diffusion.git ``` 2. Create a
new Conda environment and activate it: ``` conda env create -f
environment.yml conda activate pdiff ``` or install necessary package
by: ``` pip install -r requirements.txt ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a Conda environment and activate it: `conda env create -f
environment.yml` and `conda activate pdiff` Source: 1. Clone the
repository: `git clone https://github.com/NUS-HPC-AI-Lab/Neural-Network-
Diffusion.git` 2. Install necessary packages: `pip install -r
requirements.txt` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No
steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["Create a Conda environment and activate it: `conda env create -f
environment.yml` and `conda activate pdiff`"] - Source: ["Clone the
repository: `git clone https://github.com/NUS-HPC-AI-Lab/Neural-Network-
Diffusion.git`", "Install necessary packages: `pip install -r
requirements.txt`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "### **Installation** 1. Prepare for the running environment. You
can use the docker image provided by [`OpenPCDet`](https://github.com/
open-mmlab/OpenPCDet). Our experiments are based on the docker provided
by Voxel-R-CNN and we use NVIDIA Tesla V100 to train our Aydiv."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: 1. Prepare for the running environment
using the docker image provided by OpenPCDet: <https://github.com/open-
mmlab/OpenPCDet> Package Manager: Not provided. Source: Not provided.
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["Prepare for the running environment using the docker image
provided by OpenPCDet: <https://github.com/open-mmlab/OpenPCDet>"] -
Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Install 1. Clone the repo and navigate to BitDelta: ``` git
clone https://github.com/FasterDecoding/BitDelta cd BitDelta ``` 2. Set
up environment: ```bash conda create -yn bitdelta python=3.9 conda
activate bitdelta pip install -e . ```"""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Quick Start First, install the requirement packages declared by
`requirements.txt`. Modify [settings/example.json](./settings/
example.json) on your desired processing procedure. The configuration
file may contains many options. For example, if you want to use regular
expressions to match some dirty tokens, you should add your own regular
expressions into `re_list` of `rm_re_rules`. Copy raw data to input_path
in `settings/example.json`. And make sure the output_path not exists,
otherwise the output path will be overwritten. ```{commandline} pip
install -r requirements.txt cp <raw_data> /path/to/input_path ``` Then
the processing pipeline will generate an `debug_report.json` into /path/
to/report_path defined in `settings/example.json`. The report displayed
filter ratio of each filter rules, as well as match ratio, time cost and
match cases of each regular expression cleaner rules and so on.
```{commandline} python main.py --conf settings/example.json ``` After
running the processing pipeline, the cleaned data will be merged as a
`.jsonl` file, while there is just one record in a line. The record is
in the form of `json`, with the field `text`, representing the refined
text."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
mentioned. Source: 1. Install the requirement packages declared by
`requirements.txt`: `pip install -r requirements.txt` 2. Modify
`settings/example.json` on your desired processing procedure. 3. Copy
raw data to input\_path in `settings/example.json`. 4. Run the
processing pipeline: `python main.py --conf settings/example.json`
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["No steps
provided"] - Source: ["Install the requirement packages declared by
`requirements.txt`: `pip install -r requirements.txt`", "Modify
`settings/example.json` on your desired processing procedure.", "Copy
raw data to input\_path in `settings/example.json`.", "Run the
processing pipeline: `python main.py --conf settings/example.json`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "### Installation Check out and install this repository: ``` git
clone git@github.com:FloatAI/humaneval-xl.git cd mxeval pip install -e
mxeval ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
mentioned. Source: 1. Check out and install this repository: 1. `git
clone git@github.com:FloatAI/humaneval-xl.git` 2. `cd mxeval` 3. `pip
install -e .` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps
provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["No
steps provided"] - Source: ["Check out and install this repository:",
"1. `git clone git@github.com:FloatAI/humaneval-xl.git`", "2. `cd
mxeval`", "3. `pip install -e .`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Install ### Create a virtual environment and activate it. ```
conda create -n DCVSMNet python=3.8 conda activate DCVSMNet ``` ###
Dependencies ``` conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio
cudatoolkit=11.3 -c pytorch -c nvidia pip install opencv-python pip
install scikit-image pip install tensorboard pip install matplotlib pip
install tqdm pip install timm==0.5.4 ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: Not
mentioned. Source: 1. Create a virtual environment and activate it. ```
conda create -n DCVSMNet python=3.8 conda activate DCVSMNet ``` 2.
Dependencies: ``` conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio
cudatoolkit=11.3 -c pytorch -c nvidia pip install opencv-python pip
install scikit-image pip install tensorboard pip install matplotlib pip
install tqdm pip install timm==0.5.4 ``` Exclude code commands in the
list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"]
- Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Create a virtual
environment and activate it.", "Dependencies:", "1. `conda create -n
DCVSMNet python=3.8`", "2. `conda activate DCVSMNet`", "3.
Dependencies:", "1. `conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio
cudatoolkit=11.3 -c pytorch -c nvidia`", "2. `pip install opencv-
python`", "3. `pip install scikit-image`", "4. `pip install
tensorboard`", "5. `pip install matplotlib`", "6. `pip install tqdm`",
"7. `pip install timm==0.5.4`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Installing dependence ``` conda create --GDPO --file spec-
list.txt conda activate GDPO pip install requrements.txt ``` If there
are still issues, please refer to DiGress and add other dependencies as
necessary. In the following steps, make sure you have activated the GDPO
environment. ``` conda activate GDPO ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: 1.
Create a new Conda environment with the spec-list. ``` conda create --
GDPO --file spec-list.txt ``` 2. Activate the Conda environment. ```
conda activate GDPO ``` 3. Install the requirements. ``` pip install -r
requirements.txt ``` Source: Not mentioned. Exclude code commands in the
list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"]
- Package Manager: ["Create a new Conda environment with the spec-
list.", "Activate the Conda environment.", "Install the requirements."]
- Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## How to install To install ISL, simply use Julia's package
manager. The module is not registered so you need to clone the
repository and follow the following steps: ```` julia> push!
(LOAD_PATH,pwd()) # You are in the ISL Repository julia> using ISL ````
To reproduce the enviroment for compiling the repository: ```` (@v1.9)
pkg> activate pathToRepository/ISL ```` If you want to use any utility
subrepository like GAN or DeepAR, make sure it's within your path."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: Not
mentioned.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ""## Installation (Ubuntu) This installation assumes you know your
way around conda and virtual environments. ### Setup Venv The order of
the following instructions is important! 1. Use Conda or Pip to create a
venv for python 3.11, we are using conda for this example: ```bash conda
create --name spineps python=3.11 conda activate spineps conda install
pip ``` 2. Go to <a href=`https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
`>https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/</a> and install a correct
pytorch version for your machine in your venv 3. Confirm that your
pytorch package is working! Try calling these commands: ```bash nvidia-
smi ``` This should show your GPU and it's usage. ```bash python -c
`import torch; print(torch.cuda.is_available())` ``` This should throw
no errors and return True."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Create a virtual environment using Conda or Pip for
Python 3.11. For this example, Conda is used: ``` conda create --name
spineps python=3.11 conda activate spineps conda install pip ``` 2.
Install a correct PyTorch version for your machine in your virtual
environment by following the instructions at <https://pytorch.org/get-
started/locally/>. 3. Confirm that your PyTorch package is working by
running the following commands: 1. `nvidia-smi` 2. `python -c "import
torch; print(torch.cuda.is_available())"` Exclude code commands in the
list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"]
- Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Create a virtual
environment using Conda or Pip for Python 3.11.", "Install a correct
PyTorch version for your machine in your virtual environment.", "Confirm
that your PyTorch package is working by running the following commands:
1. `nvidia-smi` 2. `python -c "import torch;
print(torch.cuda.is_available())"`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ""### Installation You can install the development version from
GitHub with: ``` r require(`devtools`) install_github(`https://
github.com/nand1155/CausNet`)."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: Not
mentioned. Source: 1. Install the development version from GitHub using
devtools: ``` require(devtools) install_github(https://github.com/
nand1155/CausNet) ``` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No
steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Install the development version from
GitHub using devtools: `require(devtools); install_github(https://
github.com/nand1155/CausNet)`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ""### ## Installation pip install -r requirements.txt *Note: I did
not us a virtual environment so the packages in the requirements.txt
file are probably not reflective of all the packages used in this
project. If some issues pop up please don't hesitate to email me at:
gpinto@usc.edu*"""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: 1.
Create a new Conda environment (optional, if you prefer using a virtual
environment). 2. Activate the Conda environment. 3. Install the required
packages from the `requirements.txt` file. Source: Not mentioned.
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["Create a new Conda
environment (optional)", "Activate the Conda environment.", "Install the
required packages from the `requirements.txt` file."] - Source: ["No
steps provided"]

New Message

(Or Press + Key)

Clear

Inference: 4414 ms

Tokens/s: 524

Submit

System

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation **OS X & Linux:** 1. To download and install
SICStus Prolog (it is needed), follow the instructions at https://
sicstus.sics.se/download4.html. 2. Then, you can download DALI and test
it by running an example DALI MAS: ```sh git clone https://github.com/
AAAI-DISIM-UnivAQ/DALI.git cd DALI/Examples/advanced bash startmas.sh
``` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You will see different windows opening: *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Prolog LINDA server (active_server_wi.pl) *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Prolog FIPA client (active_user_wi.pl) *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1 instance of DALI metaintepreter for each
agent (active_dali_wi.pl) **Windows:** 1. To download and install
SICStus Prolog (it is needed), follow the instructions at https://
sicstus.sics.se/download4.html. 2. Then, you can download DALI from
https://github.com/AAAI-DISIM-UnivAQ/DALI.git. 3. Unzip the repository,
go to the folder 'DALI/Examples/basic', and test if DALI works by duble
clicking 'startmas.bat' file (this will launch an example DALI MAS). \
\n\\n &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You will see different windows opening: *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Prolog LINDA server (active_server_wi.pl) *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Prolog FIPA client (active_user_wi.pl) *
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1 instance of DALI metaintepreter for each
agent (active_dali_wi.pl)\"\n\n\n

assistant

Binary (OS X & Linux): 1. Follow the instructions at <https://
sicstus.sics.se/download4.html> to download and install SICStus Prolog.
2. Download DALI by running the command: `git clone <https://github.com/
AAAI-DISIM-UnivAQ/DALI.git>` 3. Change the directory to: `cd DALI/
Examples/advanced` 4. Run the example DALI MAS by executing the command:
`bash startmas.sh` Binary (Windows): 1. Follow the instructions at
<https://sicstus.sics.se/download4.html> to download and install SICStus
Prolog. 2. Download DALI from <https://github.com/AAAI-DISIM-UnivAQ/
DALI.git>. 3. Unzip the repository, go to the folder 'DALI/Examples/
basic', and test if DALI works by double clicking the 'startmas.bat'
file. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not provided. Source:
Not provided. If not present, you can follow the Binary (OS X & Linux)
or Binary (Windows) instructions.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation \n Please refer to the `setup.py` file for
installation instructions."""

assistant

For this README, there are no explicit installation instructions
provided. However, based on the information given, we can assume the
following steps for the Package Manager installation method: Package
Manager (generic): 1. Install the required package using the setup.py
file by running the command: `python setup.py install` For other
installation methods, no information is provided. Binary: Not provided.
Container: Not provided. Source: Not provided. If not present, you can
follow the Package Manager instructions. In this case, the Package
Manager instructions are assumed based on the provided `setup.py` file.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Getting Started Step 1: Download the dataset folder from
onedrive by [data.zip](https://portland-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/
personal/liuhui3-c_my_cityu_edu_hk/EfApQlFP3PhFjUW4527STo0BALMdP16zs-
HPMNgwQVFWsA?e=zoHlW2). Unzip this folder into the project directory.
You can find four orginal datasets, pre-processed datasets (i.e.,
val.jsonl, test.jsonl, train.jsonl in each dataset folder) and the files
incuding questions and answers Step 2: Place you OpenAI key into the
file named api_key.txt. ``` openai.api_key = ``"""

assistant

Based on the provided README, there are no explicit installation
instructions provided for Binary, Container, or Package Manager methods.
However, I will provide the Source installation method. Source: 1.
Download the dataset folder from <https://portland-
my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/liuhui3-c_my_cityu_edu_hk/
EfApQlFP3PhFjUW4527STo0BALMdP16zs-HPMNgwQVFWsA?e=zoHlW2> and unzip it
into the project directory. 2. Place your OpenAI key into the file named
`api_key.txt`. Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package
Manager: Not provided.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation Clone this repository and its submodules. We use
docker to install dependencies The recommended way to build the docker
image is ```bash docker build -t steam_icp \n --build-arg USERID=$(id -
u) \n --build-arg GROUPID=$(id -g) \n --build-arg USERNAME=$(whoami) \n
--build-arg HOMEDIR=${HOME} . ``` When starting a container, remember to
mount the code, dataset, and output directories to proper locations in
the container. An example command to start a docker container with the
image is ```bash docker run -it --name steam_icp \n --privileged \n --
network=host \n -e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY \n -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix
\n -v ${HOME}:${HOME}:rw \n steam_icp ``` (Inside Container) Go to the
root directory of this repository and build STEAM-ICP ```bash bash
build.sh ```"""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: 1. Build the docker image using the
command: ```bash docker build -t steam_icp \ --build-arg USERID=$(id -u)
\ --build-arg GROUPID=$(id -g) \ --build-arg USERNAME=$(whoami) \ --
build-arg HOMEDIR=${HOME} . ``` 2. Start a container with the image
using the command: ```bash docker run -it --name steam_icp \ --
privileged \ --network=host \ -e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY \ -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/
tmp/.X11-unix \ -v ${HOME}:${HOME}:rw \ steam_icp ``` Package Manager:
Not provided. Source: 1. Clone the repository and its submodules using
the command: `git clone <repository_url>` 2. Inside the container, go to
the root directory of the repository and build STEAM-ICP using the
command: `bash build.sh` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary:
["No steps provided"] - Container: ["Step 1:", "docker build -t
steam\_icp ...", "Step 2:", "docker run -it --name steam\_icp ..."] -
Source: ["Step 1:", "git clone <repository\_url>", "Step 2:", "bash
build.sh"] - Package Manager: Not provided.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ # Installation - Make sure you have Python, Pip and R installed. -
Checkout this repository - Install the python dependencies with ``` pip3
install -r requirements.txt ``` - Install the `pygirgs` package at
https://github.com/PFischbeck/pygirgs - Install the R dependencies (used
for plots) with ``` R -e 'install.packages(c(ggplot2, reshape2, plyr,
dplyr, scales), repos=https://cloud.r-project.org/)' ``` - Download the
file `konect-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.
10629451) and extract its contents into the folder `input_data/konect` -
Optional: Download the file `output-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://
doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10629451) and extract its contents into the
folder `output_data`. This way, you can access all experiment results
without running them yourself."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Make sure you have Python, Pip, and R installed. 2.
Checkout this repository. 3. Install the python dependencies with `pip3
install -r requirements.txt`. 4. Install the `pygirgs` package at
<https://github.com/PFischbeck/pygirgs>. 5. Install the R dependencies
(used for plots) with `R -e 'install.packages(c(ggplot2, reshape2, plyr,
dplyr, scales), repos=https://cloud.r-project.org/)'`. 6. Download the
file `konect-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.
10629451) and extract its contents into the folder `input_data/konect`.
7. Optional: Download the file `output-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://
doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10629451) and extract its contents into the
folder `output_data`. Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No
steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Make
sure you have Python, Pip and R installed.", "Checkout this repository",
"Install the python dependencies with `pip3 install -r
requirements.txt`", "Install the `pygirgs` package at <https://
github.com/PFischbeck/pygirgs>", "Install the R dependencies (used for
plots) with `R -e 'install.packages(c(ggplot2, reshape2, plyr, dplyr,
scales), repos=https://cloud.r-project.org/)'`", "Download the file
`konect-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10629451)
and extract its contents into the folder `input_data/konect`",
"Optional: Download the file `output-data.zip` from [Zenodo](https://
doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10629451) and extract its contents into the
folder `output_data`"] - Package Manager: Not provided.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation ### Dependencies Initialize git submodules with ```
git submodule init git submodule update ``` ### Python environment
Install the specific versions of every package from `requirements.txt`
in a new conda environment: ``` conda create --name gsft python=3.9
conda activate gsft pip install -r requirements.txt ``` To ensure that
Python paths are properly defined, update the `~/.bashrc` by adding the
following lines ``` export GSFT_PATH=/path_to_gsfc export
PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:/$GSFT_PATH ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Initialize git submodules with `git submodule init` 2. Initialize and
update git submodules with `git submodule update` 3. Create a new conda
environment with `conda create --name gsft python=3.9` 4. Activate the
conda environment with `conda activate gsft` 5. Install the specific
versions of every package from `requirements.txt` with `pip install -r
requirements.txt` Source: 1. Initialize git submodules with `git
submodule init` 2. Initialize and update git submodules with `git
submodule update` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No
steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["Initialize git submodules with `git submodule init`", "Initialize and
update git submodules with `git submodule update`", "Create a new conda
environment with `conda create --name gsft python=3.9`", "Activate the
conda environment with `conda activate gsft`", "Install the specific
versions of every package from `requirements.txt` with `pip install -r
requirements.txt`"] - Source: ["Initialize git submodules with `git
submodule init`", "Initialize and update git submodules with `git
submodule update`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ### Installation The project can be installed by running the
following command in your terminal: ```bash pip install -r
requirements.txt ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Run the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["No steps
provided"] - Source: ["Run the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Installation ### Step1: Download VIGA Download VIGA with Git
from GitHub ``` git clone https://github.com/viralInformatics/VIGA.git
``` or Download ZIP to local ### Step 2: Download Database ``` 1.
download taxdmp.zip [Index of /pub/taxonomy (nih.gov)](https://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/) and unzip taxdmp.zip and put it
in ./db/ 2. download prot.accession2taxid file from https://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/accession2taxid/ 3. download
RefSeqVirusProtein file from wget -c ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/refseq/
release/viral/viral.1.protein.faa.gz gzip -d viral.1.protein.faa.gz mv
viral.1.protein.faa RefSeqVirusProtein 4. download nr file from wget -c
ftp://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz or ascp -T -i
asperaweb_id_dsa.openssh --host=ftp.ncbi.nih.gov --user=anonftp --
mode=recv /blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz ./ gzip -d nr.gz 5. Use Diamond
v2.0.11.149 to create two separate databases as the indexing libraries
in the current version are incompatible with each other. 6. In order to
set up a reference database for DIAMOND, the makedb command needs to be
executed with the following command line: diamond makedb --in YourPath/
RefSeqVirusProtein -d Diamond_RefSeqVirusProtein --taxonmap YourPath/
prot.accession2taxid --taxonnodes YourPath/nodes.dmp diamond makedb --in
nr -d Dimond_nr --taxonmap YourPath/prot.accession2taxid --taxonnodes
YourPath/nodes.dmp ``` ### Step 3: Installation of dependent software
#### Installing Some Software Using Conda ``` conda install fastp=0.12.4
trinity=2.8.5 diamond=2.0.11.149 ragtag=2.1.0 quast=5.0.2 ``` ####
Manual Installation of MetaCompass https://github.com/marbl/MetaCompass
### Step 4: Python Dependencies Base on python 3.6.8 ``` pip install
pandas=1.1.5 numpy=1.19.5 matplotlib=3.3.4 biopython=1.79 ```"""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Install the required packages using Conda with the command: ```bash
conda install fastp=0.12.4 trinity=2.8.5 diamond=2.0.11.149 ragtag=2.1.0
quast=5.0.2 ``` 2. Install Python dependencies using pip with the
command: ```bash pip install pandas=1.1.5 numpy=1.19.5 matplotlib=3.3.4
biopython=1.79 ``` Source: 1. Download VIGA with Git from GitHub using
the command: `git clone https://github.com/viralInformatics/VIGA.git` 2.
Download the database: a. Download `taxdmp.zip` from [Index of /pub/
taxonomy (nih.gov)](https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/) and
unzip it. b. Download `prot.accession2taxid` from <https://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/accession2taxid/>. c. Download
`RefSeqVirusProtein` from `wget -c ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/refseq/release/
viral/viral.1.protein.faa.gz`. d. Download `nr` from `wget -c ftp://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz` or `ascp -T -i
asperaweb_id_dsa.openssh --host=ftp.ncbi.nih.gov --user=anonftp --
mode=recv /blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz ./`. e. Use Diamond v2.0.11.149 to
create two separate databases. Exclude code commands in the list: -
Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] -
Package Manager: ["conda install fastp=0.12.4 trinity=2.8.5
diamond=2.0.11.149 ragtag=2.1.0 quast=5.0.2", "pip install pandas=1.1.5
numpy=1.19.5 matplotlib=3.3.4 biopython=1.79"] - Source: ["Download VIGA
with Git from GitHub using the command: `git clone https://github.com/
viralInformatics/VIGA.git`", "Download the database:\n a. Download
taxdmp.zip from [Index of /pub/taxonomy (nih.gov)](https://
ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/)\n b. Download prot.accession2taxid
from <https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/taxonomy/accession2taxid/>\n c.
Download RefSeqVirusProtein from `wget -c ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/refseq/
release/viral/viral.1.protein.faa.gz`\n d. Download nr from `wget -c
ftp://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz` or `ascp -T -i
asperaweb_id_dsa.openssh --host=ftp.ncbi.nih.gov --user=anonftp --
mode=recv /blast/db/FASTA/nr.gz ./`\n e. Use Diamond v2.0.11.149 to
create two separate databases."]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ NRN-EZ was built with PyInstaller 3.6, and requires the following
languages and libraries: • Python 3.6.9 and higher (currently up to
3.10) • PyQt 5.10.1 • PyQtGraph 0.11.0 Installation instructions for
Linux (Ubuntu and Pop!_OS): download the Linux zip file and, from the
command window, run a bash command for the install.sh file, in the
corresponding installation folder. Installation instructions for Mac OS:
download the Mac zip file and copy the NRN-EZ app to the Applications
folder. Installation instructions for Windows: download the Win zip file
and run the installation wizard."""

assistant

Binary: 1. Download the appropriate zip file for your operating system
(Linux, Mac, or Windows) from the provided link. 2. Follow the
instructions for your specific operating system: - Linux: From the
command window, run a bash command for the `install.sh` file in the
corresponding installation folder. - Mac: Copy the NRN-EZ app to the
Applications folder. - Windows: Run the installation wizard. Container:
Not provided. Package Manager: Not provided. Source: Not provided.
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["Download the appropriate
zip file for your operating system (Linux, Mac, or Windows) from the
provided link.", "Follow the instructions for your specific operating
system:", "Linux: From the command window, run a bash command for the
`install.sh` file in the corresponding installation folder.", "Mac: Copy
the NRN-EZ app to the Applications folder.", "Windows: Run the
installation wizard."] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package
Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Setup The following steps provide the necessary setup to run our
codes. 1. Create a Python virtual environment with Conda: ``` conda
create -n myenv python=3.10 conda activate myenv ``` 2. Install PyTorch
`v2.1.0` with compatible cuda version, following instructions from
[PyTorch Installation Page](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/).
For example with cuda 11: ``` pip install torch==2.1.0
torchvision==0.16.0 torchaudio==2.1.0 --index-url https://
download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118 ``` 3. Install the following Python
dependencies to run the codes. ``` python -m pip install . python -m pip
install flash-attn --no-build-isolation ``` 4. Login to your huggingface
account for downloading models ``` huggingface-cli login --token $
{your_access_token} ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a Python virtual environment with Conda: `conda create -n myenv
python=3.10` 2. Activate the virtual environment: `conda activate myenv`
3. Install PyTorch `v2.1.0` with compatible cuda version: `pip install
torch==2.1.0 torchvision==0.16.0 torchaudio==2.1.0 --index-url https://
download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118` 4. Install Python dependencies: `pip
install .` and `pip install flash-attn --no-build-isolation` Source: Not
provided. Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps
provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["Create a Python virtual environment with Conda: `conda create -n myenv
python=3.10`", "Activate the virtual environment: `conda activate
myenv`", "Install PyTorch `v2.1.0` with compatible cuda version,
following instructions from [PyTorch Installation Page](https://
pytorch.org/get-started/locally/). For example with cuda 11: `pip
install torch==2.1.0 torchvision==0.16.0 torchaudio==2.1.0 --index-url
https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118`", "Install Python dependencies:
`pip install .` and `pip install flash-attn --no-build-isolation`"] -
Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Requirements The code has been tested with Python 3.9.13. Please
first install the required packages by: ```bash pip install -r
requirements.txt ``` You also need an OpenAI API key to run GeneGPT with
Codex. Replace the placeholder with your key in `config.py`: ```bash $
cat config.py API_KEY = 'YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY' ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a virtual environment with Python 3.9.13. 2. Activate the virtual
environment. 3. Install the required packages by running: `pip install -
r requirements.txt` Source: 1. Clone the repository or download the
files. 2. Create a virtual environment with Python 3.9.13. 3. Activate
the virtual environment. 4. Install the required packages by running:
`pip install -r requirements.txt` 5. Obtain an OpenAI API key. 6.
Replace the placeholder in `config.py` with your OpenAI API key:
`API_KEY = 'YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY'` Exclude code commands in the list: -
Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] -
Package Manager: ["Create a virtual environment with Python 3.9.13.",
"Activate the virtual environment.", "Install the required packages by
running: `pip install -r requirements.txt`"] - Source: ["Clone the
repository or download the files.", "Create a virtual environment with
Python 3.9.13.", "Activate the virtual environment.", "Install the
required packages by running: `pip install -r requirements.txt`",
"Obtain an OpenAI API key.", "Replace the placeholder in `config.py`
with your OpenAI API key: `API_KEY = 'YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY'`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ### Docker installation (isolated) With the following instructions
you can also easily build the Docker image yourself. If you want to run
the code on bare metal jump [Native installation](#Native-installation).
First, install Docker on your machine. Then move to the original
directory `learning_to_fly` and build the Docker image: ``` docker build
-t arpllab/learning_to_fly . ``` If desired you can also build the
container for building the firmware: ``` docker build -t arpllab/
learning_to_fly_build_firmware -f Dockerfile_build_firmware . ``` After
that you can run it using e.g.: ``` docker run -it --rm -p 8000:8000
arpllab/learning_to_fly ``` This will open the port `8000` for the UI of
the training program and run it inside the container. Navigate to
[https://0.0.0.0:8000](https://0.0.0.0:8000) with your browser, and you
should see something like in the screenshot above (after starting the
training). The training UI configuration does not log data by default.
If you want to inspect the training data run: ``` docker run -it --rm -p
6006:6006 arpllab/learning_to_fly training_headless ``` Navigate to
[https://0.0.0.0:6006](https://0.0.0.0:6006) with your browser to
investigate the Tensorboard logs. If you would like to benchmark the
training speed you can use: ``` docker run -it --rm arpllab/
learning_to_fly training_benchmark ``` This is the fastest
configuration, without logging, UI, checkpointing etc. ### Native
installation Clone this repository: ``` git clone https://github.com/
arplaboratory/learning-to-fly learning_to_fly cd learning_to_fly ```
Then instantiate the `RLtools` submodule: ``` git submodule update --
init -- external/rl_tools cd external/rl_tools ``` Then instantiate some
dependencies of `RLtools` (for conveniences like checkpointing,
Tensorboard logging, testing, etc.): ``` git submodule update --init --
external/cli11 external/highfive external/json/ external/tensorboard
tests/lib/googletest/ ``` #### Install dependencies on Ubuntu ``` sudo
apt update && sudo apt install libhdf5-dev libopenblas-dev protobuf-
compiler libprotobuf-dev libboost-all-dev ``` As an alternative to
openblas you can also install [Intel MKL](https://www.intel.com/content/
www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/onemkl-download.html) which in our
experience is significantly faster than OpenBLAS. #### Install
dependencies on macOS ``` brew install hdf5 protobuf boost ``` Please
make sure that `brew` links the libraries correctly. If not you might
have to link e.g. `protobuf` manually using `brew link protobuf`. Going
back to the main directory (`learning_to_fly`), we can now configure the
build of the code: ``` cd ../../ mkdir build cd build ``` - Ubuntu +
OpenBLAS: `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -
DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_OPENBLAS:BOOL=ON` - Ubuntu + MKL: `cmake .. -
DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_MKL:BOOL=ON` - macOS
(tested on Sonoma): `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` Finally, we
can build the targets: ``` cmake --build . -j8 ``` After successfully
building the targets, we can run the code (in the original directory
`learning_to_fly`): ``` cd .. ./build/src/training_headless ``` While
this is running, you should be able to see training metrics using
Tensorboard If not already installed: ``` python3 -m pip install
tensorboard ``` Then from the original directory `learning_to_fly`: ```
tensorboard --logdir=logs ``` To run the training with the UI, we
download the JavaScript dependencies in the form of the two files
`three.module.js` and `OrbitControls.js`: ``` cd src/ui ./
get_dependencies.sh ``` After that we can execute the UI binary from the
root folder: ``` cd ../../ ./build/src/ui 0.0.0.0 8000 ``` Now you
should be able to navigate to [http://0.0.0.0:8000](http://0.0.0.0:8000)
in your browser and start the training. To run the benchmark (with UI,
checkpointing and Tensorboard logging turned off): ``` sudo nice -n
-20 ./build/src/training_benchmark ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: 1. Install Docker on your machine. 2.
Build the Docker image: `docker build -t arpllab/learning_to_fly .` 3.
Run the Docker container: `docker run -it --rm -p 8000:8000 arpllab/
learning_to_fly` 4. Navigate to [https://0.0.0.0:8000](https://
0.0.0.0:8000) with your browser. Package Manager: Not provided. Source:
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/arplaboratory/
learning-to-fly learning_to_fly` 2. Instantiate the `RLtools` submodule:
`git submodule update --init -- external/rl_tools` 3. Instantiate
dependencies of `RLtools`: `git submodule update --init -- external/
cli11 external/highfive external/json/ external/tensorboard tests/lib/
googletest/` 4. Install dependencies on Ubuntu: - `sudo apt update &&
sudo apt install libhdf5-dev libopenblas-dev protobuf-compiler
libprotobuf-dev libboost-all-dev` 5. Install dependencies on macOS: -
`brew install hdf5 protobuf boost` 6. Configure the build of the code: -
Ubuntu + OpenBLAS: `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -
DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_OPENBLAS:BOOL=ON` - Ubuntu + MKL: `cmake .. -
DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_MKL:BOOL=ON` -
macOS: `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` 7. Build the targets:
`cmake --build . -j8` 8. Run the code: `./build/src/training_headless`
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["Install Docker on your machine.", "Build the Docker image:
`docker build -t arpllab/learning_to_fly .`", "Run the Docker container:
`docker run -it --rm -p 8000:8000 arpllab/learning_to_fly`", "Navigate
to [https://0.0.0.0:8000](https://0.0.0.0:8000) with your browser."]] -
Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Clone the repository:
`git clone https://github.com/arplaboratory/learning-to-fly
learning_to_fly`", "Instantiate the `RLtools` submodule: `git submodule
update --init -- external/rl_tools`", "Instantiate dependencies of
`RLtools`: `git submodule update --init -- external/cli11 external/
highfive external/json/ external/tensorboard tests/lib/googletest/`",
"Install dependencies on Ubuntu: `sudo apt update && sudo apt install
libhdf5-dev libopenblas-dev protobuf-compiler libprotobuf-dev libboost-
all-dev`", "Install dependencies on macOS: `brew install hdf5 protobuf
boost`", "Configure the build of the code: `cmake .. -
DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_OPENBLAS:BOOL=ON`
(Ubuntu + OpenBLAS), `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -
DRL_TOOLS_BACKEND_ENABLE_MKL:BOOL=ON` (Ubuntu + MKL), or `cmake .. -
DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` (macOS)", "Build the targets: `cmake --
build . -j8`", "Run the code: `./build/src/training_headless`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Setup This codebase is supported on Ubuntu and has not been
tested on Windows or macOS. We recommend using TPUs for training and
inference, although it is also possible to use GPUs. On TPU, the code is
highly optimized with Jax's Pallas and can achieve high MFUs with
RingAttention at very large context sizes. On GPU, the code is based on
XLA and is not as optimized as it is for TPU. Install the requirements
with: ``` conda create -n lwm python=3.10 pip install -U
`jax[cuda12_pip]==0.4.23` -f https://storage.googleapis.com/jax-
releases/jax_cuda_releases.html pip install -r requirements.txt ``` or
set up TPU VM with: ``` sh tpu_vm_setup.sh ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a new conda environment with Python 3.10. 2. Activate the new
conda environment. 3. Install Jax with CUDA 12 support: `pip install -U
`jax[cuda12_pip]==0.4.23` -f https://storage.googleapis.com/jax-
releases/jax_cuda_releases.html` 4. Install the required packages: `pip
install -r requirements.txt` Source: Not provided. Exclude code commands
in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps
provided"] - Package Manager: ["Create a new conda environment with
Python 3.10.", "Activate the new conda environment.", "Install Jax with
CUDA 12 support: `pip install -U `jax[cuda12_pip]==0.4.23` -f https://
storage.googleapis.com/jax-releases/jax_cuda_releases.html`", "Install
the required packages: `pip install -r requirements.txt`"] - Source:
["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## ✨ Getting Started ### 🛠️ Step 1: Installation UFO requires
**Python >= 3.10** running on **Windows OS >= 10**. It can be installed
by running the following command: ```bash # [optional to create conda
environment] # conda create -n ufo python=3.10 # conda activate ufo #
clone the repository git clone https://github.com/microsoft/UFO.git cd
UFO # install the requirements pip install -r requirements.txt ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a new conda environment with Python 3.10: `conda create -n ufo
python=3.10` 2. Activate the new conda environment: `conda activate ufo`
Source: 1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/
microsoft/UFO.git` 2. Change the directory: `cd UFO` 3. Install the
requirements: `pip install -r requirements.txt` Exclude code commands in
the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps
provided"] - Package Manager: ["Create a new conda environment with
Python 3.10: `conda create -n ufo python=3.10`", "Activate the new conda
environment: `conda activate ufo`"] - Source: ["Clone the repository:
`git clone https://github.com/microsoft/UFO.git`", "Change the
directory: `cd UFO`", "Install the requirements: `pip install -r
requirements.txt`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ### 1. Installation YOLO-World is developed based on
`torch==1.11.0` `mmyolo==0.6.0` and `mmdetection==3.0.0`. #### Clone
Project ```bash git clone --recursive https://github.com/AILab-CVC/YOLO-
World.git ``` #### Install ```bash pip install torch wheel -q pip
install -e . ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Clone the project: `git clone --recursive https://
github.com/AILab-CVC/YOLO-World.git` 2. Install: `pip install torch
wheel -q pip install -e .` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary:
["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package
Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Clone the project: `git clone
--recursive https://github.com/AILab-CVC/YOLO-World.git`", "Install:
`pip install torch wheel -q pip install -e .`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Install See the [TensorFlow install guide](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install) for the [pip package](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/pip), to [enable GPU support](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/gpu), use a [Docker container](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/docker), and [build from source](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/source). To install the current release,
which includes support for [CUDA-enabled GPU cards](https://
www.tensorflow.org/install/gpu) *(Ubuntu and Windows)*: ``` $ pip
install tensorflow ``` Other devices (DirectX and MacOS-metal) are
supported using [Device plugins](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/
gpu_plugins#available_devices). A smaller CPU-only package is also
available: ``` $ pip install tensorflow-cpu ``` To update TensorFlow to
the latest version, add `--upgrade` flag to the above commands. *Nightly
binaries are available for testing using the [tf-nightly](https://
pypi.python.org/pypi/tf-nightly) and [tf-nightly-cpu](https://
pypi.python.org/pypi/tf-nightly-cpu) packages on PyPi.*"""

assistant

Binary: 1. Visit the TensorFlow install guide for the pip package at
<https://www.tensorflow.org/install/pip>. 2. Install TensorFlow using
`pip`: `pip install tensorflow`. 3. To update TensorFlow to the latest
version, add `--upgrade` flag to the above command. 4. Nightly binaries
are available for testing using the `tf-nightly` and `tf-nightly-cpu`
packages on PyPi. Container: 1. Visit the TensorFlow install guide for
Docker containers at <https://www.tensorflow.org/install/docker>. 2. Use
a Docker container: <https://www.tensorflow.org/install/docker>. Package
Manager: Not provided. Source: Not provided. Exclude code commands in
the list: - Binary: ["Visit the TensorFlow install guide for the pip
package at <https://www.tensorflow.org/install/pip>", "Install
TensorFlow using pip: `pip install tensorflow`", "To update TensorFlow
to the latest version, add `--upgrade` flag to the above command.",
"Nightly binaries are available for testing using the `tf-nightly` and
`tf-nightly-cpu` packages on PyPi."] - Container: ["Visit the TensorFlow
install guide for Docker containers at <https://www.tensorflow.org/
install/docker>", "Use a Docker container: <https://www.tensorflow.org/
install/docker>."] - Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source:
["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## ## Installation ### With pip This repository is tested on Python
3.8+, Flax 0.4.1+, PyTorch 1.11+, and TensorFlow 2.6+. You should
install 🤗 Transformers in a [virtual environment](https://
docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html). If you're unfamiliar with Python
virtual environments, check out the [user guide](https://
packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-
environments/). First, create a virtual environment with the version of
Python you're going to use and activate it. Then, you will need to
install at least one of Flax, PyTorch, or TensorFlow. Please refer to
[TensorFlow installation page](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/),
[PyTorch installation page](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
#start-locally) and/or [Flax](https://github.com/google/flax#quick-
install) and [Jax](https://github.com/google/jax#installation)
installation pages regarding the specific installation command for your
platform. When one of those backends has been installed, 🤗 Transformers
can be installed using pip as follows: ```bash pip install transformers
``` If you'd like to play with the examples or need the bleeding edge of
the code and can't wait for a new release, you must [install the library
from source](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/
installation#installing-from-source). ### With conda 🤗 Transformers can
be installed using conda as follows: ```shell script conda install
conda-forge::transformers ``` > **_NOTE:_** Installing `transformers`
from the `huggingface` channel is deprecated. Follow the installation
pages of Flax, PyTorch or TensorFlow to see how to install them with
conda. > **_NOTE:_** On Windows, you may be prompted to activate
Developer Mode in order to benefit from caching. If this is not an
option for you, please let us know in [this issue](https://github.com/
huggingface/huggingface_hub/issues/1062)."""

assistant

Binary: 1. Create a virtual environment with the desired version of
Python. 2. Activate the virtual environment. 3. Install one of Flax,
PyTorch, or TensorFlow using the specific installation command for your
platform. Refer to the TensorFlow installation page, PyTorch
installation page, Flax installation page, and/or Jax installation
pages. 4. Install Transformers using pip: `pip install transformers`
Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1. Install Transformers using
conda: `conda install conda-forge::transformers` Source: Not provided.
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["Create a virtual
environment with the desired version of Python.", "Activate the virtual
environment.", "Install one of Flax, PyTorch, or TensorFlow using the
specific installation command for your platform. Refer to the TensorFlow
installation page, PyTorch installation page, Flax installation page,
and/or Jax installation pages.", "Install Transformers using pip: `pip
install transformers`"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package
Manager: ["Install Transformers using conda: `conda install conda-
forge::transformers`"] - Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ # Installation ### Install from pip The key dependencies of DIG:
Dive into Graphs are PyTorch (>=1.10.0), PyTorch Geometric (>=2.0.0),
and RDKit. 1. Install [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/get-started/
locally/) (>=1.10.0) ```shell script $ python -c `import torch`;
print(torch.__version__)` >>> 1.10.0 ``` 2. Install [PyG](https://
pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes/installation.html#)
(>=2.0.0) ```shell script $ python -c `import torch_geometric;
print(torch_geometric.__version__)` >>> 2.0.0 ``` 3. Install DIG: Dive
into Graphs. ```shell script pip install dive-into-graphs ``` After
installation, you can check the version. You have successfully installed
DIG: Dive into Graphs if no error occurs. ``` shell script $ python >>>
from dig.version import __version__ >>> print(__version__) ``` ###
Install from source If you want to try the latest features that have not
been released yet, you can install dig from source. ```shell script git
clone https://github.com/divelab/DIG.git cd DIG pip install . ```"""

assistant

Binary: 1. Install PyTorch (>=1.10.0): Follow the instructions at
<https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/> 2. Install PyG (>=2.0.0):
Follow the instructions at <https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/
latest/notes/installation.html#> 3. Install DIG: Dive into Graphs: `pip
install dive-into-graphs` Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://
github.com/divelab/DIG.git` 2. Change the directory: `cd DIG` 3. Install
using pip: `pip install .` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary:
["Follow the instructions at <https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
>", "Follow the instructions at <https://pytorch-
geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes/installation.html#>", "pip
install dive-into-graphs"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package
Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["git clone https://github.com/
divelab/DIG.git", "cd DIG", "pip install ."]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ## Quick Install With pip: ```bash pip install langchain ``` With
conda: ```bash conda install langchain -c conda-forge ```."""

assistant

Binary: 1. Install using pip: `pip install langchain` Container: Not
provided. Package Manager: 1. Install using conda: `conda install
langchain -c conda-forge` Source: Not provided. Exclude code commands in
the list: - Binary: ["pip install langchain"] - Container: ["No steps
provided"] - Package Manager: ["conda install langchain -c conda-forge"]
- Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ### Installation 1. Copy the `CamGen_v2` folder into the Blender
[add-on folder](https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/latest/advanced/
blender_directory_layout.html#platform-dependent-paths) that is right
for your operating system, e.g. for Blender 4.0 under Linux ~/.config/
blender/4.0/scripts/addons/ 2. Open Blender and navigate to `Edit >
Preferences > Add-ons` 3. Find and activate `Generic:
Camera_Generator_v2` the list of available Add-ons. **You will need to
press *refresh* in the Add-ons panel if you do not see the
Camera_Generator option.** 4. [Optional] To enable experimental lens
analysis operations and plotting of the results, additional packages
have to be installed for Blender's bundled Python version.
'`$BLENDERPATH/$VERSION/python/bin/python3.10 -m pip install matplotlib
PyQt5."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Copy the `CamGen_v2` folder into the Blender add-on
folder for your operating system. 2. Open Blender and navigate to `Edit
> Preferences > Add-ons`. 3. Find and activate `Generic:
Camera_Generator_v2` in the list of available Add-ons. 4. [Optional] For
experimental lens analysis operations and plotting of the results,
install additional packages for Blender's bundled Python version: - Run
`$BLENDERPATH/$VERSION/python/bin/python3.10 -m pip install matplotlib
PyQt5`. Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps
provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["No
steps provided"] - Source: ["Copy the `CamGen_v2` folder into the
Blender add-on folder for your operating system.", "Open Blender and
navigate to `Edit > Preferences > Add-ons`", "Find and activate
`Generic: Camera_Generator_v2` in the list of available Add-ons.",
"[Optional] For experimental lens analysis operations and plotting of
the results, install additional packages for Blender's bundled Python
version:", "Run `$BLENDERPATH/$VERSION/python/bin/python3.10 -m pip
install matplotlib PyQt5`."]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Setup First, download and set up the repo: ```bash git clone
https://github.com/facebookresearch/DiT.git cd DiT ``` We provide an
[`environment.yml`](environment.yml) file that can be used to create a
Conda environment. If you only want to run pre-trained models locally on
CPU, you can remove the `cudatoolkit` and `pytorch-cuda` requirements
from the file. ```bash conda env create -f environment.yml conda
activate DiT ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a Conda environment using the provided `environment.yml` file:
`conda env create -f environment.yml` 2. Activate the Conda environment:
`conda activate DiT` Source: 1. Clone the repository: `git clone
https://github.com/facebookresearch/DiT.git` 2. Change the directory:
`cd DiT` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps
provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["Create a Conda environment using the provided `environment.yml` file:
`conda env create -f environment.yml`", "Activate the Conda environment:
`conda activate DiT`"] - Source: ["Clone the repository: `git clone
https://github.com/facebookresearch/DiT.git`", "Change the directory:
`cd DiT`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Installation TorchCP is developed with Python 3.9 and PyTorch
2.0.1. To install TorchCP, simply run ``` pip install torchcp ``` To
install from TestPyPI server, run ``` pip install --index-url https://
test.pypi.org/simple/ --no-deps torchcp ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Install using pip: `pip install torchcp` 2. Install from TestPyPI
server: `pip install --index-url https://test.pypi.org/simple/ --no-deps
torchcp` Source: Not provided. Exclude code commands in the list: -
Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] -
Package Manager: ["pip install torchcp", "pip install --index-url
https://test.pypi.org/simple/ --no-deps torchcp"] - Source: ["No steps
provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Installation 1. Clone the repository: ``` git clone https://
github.com/NUS-HPC-AI-Lab/Neural-Network-Diffusion.git ``` 2. Create a
new Conda environment and activate it: ``` conda env create -f
environment.yml conda activate pdiff ``` or install necessary package
by: ``` pip install -r requirements.txt ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: 1.
Create a Conda environment and activate it: `conda env create -f
environment.yml` and `conda activate pdiff` Source: 1. Clone the
repository: `git clone https://github.com/NUS-HPC-AI-Lab/Neural-Network-
Diffusion.git` 2. Install necessary packages: `pip install -r
requirements.txt` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No
steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["Create a Conda environment and activate it: `conda env create -f
environment.yml` and `conda activate pdiff`"] - Source: ["Clone the
repository: `git clone https://github.com/NUS-HPC-AI-Lab/Neural-Network-
Diffusion.git`", "Install necessary packages: `pip install -r
requirements.txt`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "### **Installation** 1. Prepare for the running environment. You
can use the docker image provided by [`OpenPCDet`](https://github.com/
open-mmlab/OpenPCDet). Our experiments are based on the docker provided
by Voxel-R-CNN and we use NVIDIA Tesla V100 to train our Aydiv."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: 1. Prepare for the running environment
using the docker image provided by OpenPCDet: <https://github.com/open-
mmlab/OpenPCDet> Package Manager: Not provided. Source: Not provided.
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["Prepare for the running environment using the docker image
provided by OpenPCDet: <https://github.com/open-mmlab/OpenPCDet>"] -
Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Install 1. Clone the repo and navigate to BitDelta: ``` git
clone https://github.com/FasterDecoding/BitDelta cd BitDelta ``` 2. Set
up environment: ```bash conda create -yn bitdelta python=3.9 conda
activate bitdelta pip install -e . ```"""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Quick Start First, install the requirement packages declared by
`requirements.txt`. Modify [settings/example.json](./settings/
example.json) on your desired processing procedure. The configuration
file may contains many options. For example, if you want to use regular
expressions to match some dirty tokens, you should add your own regular
expressions into `re_list` of `rm_re_rules`. Copy raw data to input_path
in `settings/example.json`. And make sure the output_path not exists,
otherwise the output path will be overwritten. ```{commandline} pip
install -r requirements.txt cp <raw_data> /path/to/input_path ``` Then
the processing pipeline will generate an `debug_report.json` into /path/
to/report_path defined in `settings/example.json`. The report displayed
filter ratio of each filter rules, as well as match ratio, time cost and
match cases of each regular expression cleaner rules and so on.
```{commandline} python main.py --conf settings/example.json ``` After
running the processing pipeline, the cleaned data will be merged as a
`.jsonl` file, while there is just one record in a line. The record is
in the form of `json`, with the field `text`, representing the refined
text."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
mentioned. Source: 1. Install the requirement packages declared by
`requirements.txt`: `pip install -r requirements.txt` 2. Modify
`settings/example.json` on your desired processing procedure. 3. Copy
raw data to input\_path in `settings/example.json`. 4. Run the
processing pipeline: `python main.py --conf settings/example.json`
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["No steps
provided"] - Source: ["Install the requirement packages declared by
`requirements.txt`: `pip install -r requirements.txt`", "Modify
`settings/example.json` on your desired processing procedure.", "Copy
raw data to input\_path in `settings/example.json`.", "Run the
processing pipeline: `python main.py --conf settings/example.json`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "### Installation Check out and install this repository: ``` git
clone git@github.com:FloatAI/humaneval-xl.git cd mxeval pip install -e
mxeval ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not provided. Package Manager: Not
mentioned. Source: 1. Check out and install this repository: 1. `git
clone git@github.com:FloatAI/humaneval-xl.git` 2. `cd mxeval` 3. `pip
install -e .` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps
provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["No
steps provided"] - Source: ["Check out and install this repository:",
"1. `git clone git@github.com:FloatAI/humaneval-xl.git`", "2. `cd
mxeval`", "3. `pip install -e .`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Install ### Create a virtual environment and activate it. ```
conda create -n DCVSMNet python=3.8 conda activate DCVSMNet ``` ###
Dependencies ``` conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio
cudatoolkit=11.3 -c pytorch -c nvidia pip install opencv-python pip
install scikit-image pip install tensorboard pip install matplotlib pip
install tqdm pip install timm==0.5.4 ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: Not
mentioned. Source: 1. Create a virtual environment and activate it. ```
conda create -n DCVSMNet python=3.8 conda activate DCVSMNet ``` 2.
Dependencies: ``` conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio
cudatoolkit=11.3 -c pytorch -c nvidia pip install opencv-python pip
install scikit-image pip install tensorboard pip install matplotlib pip
install tqdm pip install timm==0.5.4 ``` Exclude code commands in the
list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"]
- Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Create a virtual
environment and activate it.", "Dependencies:", "1. `conda create -n
DCVSMNet python=3.8`", "2. `conda activate DCVSMNet`", "3.
Dependencies:", "1. `conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio
cudatoolkit=11.3 -c pytorch -c nvidia`", "2. `pip install opencv-
python`", "3. `pip install scikit-image`", "4. `pip install
tensorboard`", "5. `pip install matplotlib`", "6. `pip install tqdm`",
"7. `pip install timm==0.5.4`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## Installing dependence ``` conda create --GDPO --file spec-
list.txt conda activate GDPO pip install requrements.txt ``` If there
are still issues, please refer to DiGress and add other dependencies as
necessary. In the following steps, make sure you have activated the GDPO
environment. ``` conda activate GDPO ```."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: 1.
Create a new Conda environment with the spec-list. ``` conda create --
GDPO --file spec-list.txt ``` 2. Activate the Conda environment. ```
conda activate GDPO ``` 3. Install the requirements. ``` pip install -r
requirements.txt ``` Source: Not mentioned. Exclude code commands in the
list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"]
- Package Manager: ["Create a new Conda environment with the spec-
list.", "Activate the Conda environment.", "Install the requirements."]
- Source: ["No steps provided"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ "## How to install To install ISL, simply use Julia's package
manager. The module is not registered so you need to clone the
repository and follow the following steps: ```` julia> push!
(LOAD_PATH,pwd()) # You are in the ISL Repository julia> using ISL ````
To reproduce the enviroment for compiling the repository: ```` (@v1.9)
pkg> activate pathToRepository/ISL ```` If you want to use any utility
subrepository like GAN or DeepAR, make sure it's within your path."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: Not
mentioned.

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ""## Installation (Ubuntu) This installation assumes you know your
way around conda and virtual environments. ### Setup Venv The order of
the following instructions is important! 1. Use Conda or Pip to create a
venv for python 3.11, we are using conda for this example: ```bash conda
create --name spineps python=3.11 conda activate spineps conda install
pip ``` 2. Go to <a href=`https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
`>https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/</a> and install a correct
pytorch version for your machine in your venv 3. Confirm that your
pytorch package is working! Try calling these commands: ```bash nvidia-
smi ``` This should show your GPU and it's usage. ```bash python -c
`import torch; print(torch.cuda.is_available())` ``` This should throw
no errors and return True."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: Not
provided. Source: 1. Create a virtual environment using Conda or Pip for
Python 3.11. For this example, Conda is used: ``` conda create --name
spineps python=3.11 conda activate spineps conda install pip ``` 2.
Install a correct PyTorch version for your machine in your virtual
environment by following the instructions at <https://pytorch.org/get-
started/locally/>. 3. Confirm that your PyTorch package is working by
running the following commands: 1. `nvidia-smi` 2. `python -c "import
torch; print(torch.cuda.is_available())"` Exclude code commands in the
list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"]
- Package Manager: ["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Create a virtual
environment using Conda or Pip for Python 3.11.", "Install a correct
PyTorch version for your machine in your virtual environment.", "Confirm
that your PyTorch package is working by running the following commands:
1. `nvidia-smi` 2. `python -c "import torch;
print(torch.cuda.is_available())"`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ""### Installation You can install the development version from
GitHub with: ``` r require(`devtools`) install_github(`https://
github.com/nand1155/CausNet`)."""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: Not
mentioned. Source: 1. Install the development version from GitHub using
devtools: ``` require(devtools) install_github(https://github.com/
nand1155/CausNet) ``` Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No
steps provided"] - Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager:
["No steps provided"] - Source: ["Install the development version from
GitHub using devtools: `require(devtools); install_github(https://
github.com/nand1155/CausNet)`"]

user

Given the following README, extract the installation instructions for
each installation method. These methods are plans containing
instructions as steps for installing research software, to be executed
in a sequential order, and under defined conditions. These methods are:
Binary: Download and run precompiled files. For example, GitHub
releases. Container: Use isolated environments. For example, Docker,
Podman, or Singularity. Package Manager: Install via tools and indexed
repositories. For example, Conda, Homebrew, or Pip. Source: Install
using command-line, following instructions. For example, clone from
repository or download files. Perform the following actions. For each
README: 1. Extract the installation instructions for each method . 2.
For each installation method mentioned in the README return a list,
where each element of the list is an instruction, in a sequential order.
Write those instructions in sequential order such as: Step1: ..., Step2:
[....], StepN: \n Exclude code commands in the list. If the README does
not contain a sequence of instructions, then simply write \"No steps
provided\". Be concise. {README}\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\"\\\\\\\" = f\\\"\\\"\\
\"\\ ""### ## Installation pip install -r requirements.txt *Note: I did
not us a virtual environment so the packages in the requirements.txt
file are probably not reflective of all the packages used in this
project. If some issues pop up please don't hesitate to email me at:
gpinto@usc.edu*"""

assistant

Binary: Not provided. Container: Not mentioned. Package Manager: 1.
Create a new Conda environment (optional, if you prefer using a virtual
environment). 2. Activate the Conda environment. 3. Install the required
packages from the `requirements.txt` file. Source: Not mentioned.
Exclude code commands in the list: - Binary: ["No steps provided"] -
Container: ["No steps provided"] - Package Manager: ["Create a new Conda
environment (optional)", "Activate the Conda environment.", "Install the
required packages from the `requirements.txt` file."] - Source: ["No
steps provided"]

New Message

(Or Press + Key)

Clear

Inference: 4414 ms

Tokens/s: 524

Submit

